
# V3ApplicationUplink

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**sessionKeyId** | **kotlin.ByteArray** | Join Server issued identifier for the session keys used by this uplink. |  [optional]
**fPort** | **kotlin.Long** |  |  [optional]
**fCnt** | **kotlin.Long** |  |  [optional]
**frmPayload** | **kotlin.ByteArray** | The frame payload of the uplink message. The payload is still encrypted if the skip_payload_crypto field of the EndDevice is true, which is indicated by the presence of the app_s_key field. |  [optional]
**decodedPayload** | [**kotlin.Any**](.md) | The decoded frame payload of the uplink message. This field is set by the message processor that is configured for the end device (see formatters) or application (see default_formatters). |  [optional]
**decodedPayloadWarnings** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Warnings generated by the message processor while decoding the frm_payload. |  [optional]
**rxMetadata** | [**kotlin.collections.List&lt;V3RxMetadata&gt;**](V3RxMetadata.md) | A list of metadata for each antenna of each gateway that received this message. |  [optional]
**settings** | [**V3TxSettings**](V3TxSettings.md) |  |  [optional]
**receivedAt** | [**java.time.OffsetDateTime**](java.time.OffsetDateTime.md) | Server time when the Network Server received the message. |  [optional]
**appSKey** | [**V3KeyEnvelope**](V3KeyEnvelope.md) |  |  [optional]
**lastAFCntDown** | **kotlin.Long** | The last AFCntDown of the current session. This field is only present if the skip_payload_crypto field of the EndDevice is true. Can be used with app_s_key to encrypt downlink payloads. |  [optional]
**confirmed** | **kotlin.Boolean** |  |  [optional]
**consumedAirtime** | **kotlin.String** | Consumed airtime for the transmission of the uplink message. Calculated by Network Server using the RawPayload size and the transmission settings. |  [optional]
**locations** | [**kotlin.collections.Map&lt;kotlin.String, Lorawanv3Location&gt;**](Lorawanv3Location.md) | End device location metadata, set by the Application Server while handling the message. |  [optional]
**versionIds** | [**V3EndDeviceVersionIdentifiers**](V3EndDeviceVersionIdentifiers.md) |  |  [optional]
**networkIds** | [**V3NetworkIdentifiers**](V3NetworkIdentifiers.md) |  |  [optional]



